= RedditListings

Reddit_Listings allows you to quickly get an array of up to 100 listings (content posts and self posts) from any subreddit(s) and sorting methods possible.

== Installation 

* You can install the latest release from RubyGems:

    gem install reddit_listings

* If your application uses Bundler, add a line like this to your Gemfile:

    gem "reddit_listings", "~> 1.0.1"

== How to use
  
Initialise a variable with RedditListings.get:

    @foo = RedditListings.get("subreddit", :timeframe => "x", :total => "x", ":sort_by => "x")

The options after the subreddit are optional.

To use more than one subreddit join them with a +

The options for <b>:sort_by</b> are: <em>"hot"</em>, <em>"new"</em>, <em>"rising"</em>, <em>"controversial"</em>, <em>"top"</em>, <em>"gilded"</em>, <em>"promoted"</em>.

The *:timeframe* option should only be included if <em>"top"</em> or <em>"controversial"</em>  <b>:sort_by</b> options were chosen. The options are: <em>"hour"</em>, <em>"week"</em>, <em>"month"</em>, <em>"year"</em> and <em>"all"</em>.

The <b>:total</b> option specifies how many listings should be returned, to a maximum of 100.

The default options are <b>:sort_by</b> => <em>"top"</em>, <b>:total</b> => <em>"5"</em> and <b>:timeframe</b> => <em>"day"</em>

=== Examples

   @foo = RedditListings.get("ruby+rails", :timeframe => "week", :total => "10")
Would return the first 10 listings under the 'top' category on the ruby and rails subreddits combined in the last week.
 
   @foo = RedditListings.get("ruby", :sort_by => "hot", :total => "2")
Would return the first 2 listings in the ruby subreddit when sorted by hot.

== Accessing the data

Once you have the listings saved you can access them through <b>@foo[0][:option]</b> where <b>0</b> is the listing index you want and the <b>:option</b> is one of the following:


* [:title]
* [:author] 
* [:num_comments]
* [:permalink]
* [:likes]
* [:gilded]
* [:stickied]
* [:score]
* [:approved_by]
* [:over_18]
* [:ups]
* [:downs]
* [:is_self]
* [:created]
* [:url]
* [:distinguished]

=== Examples
   @foo = RedditListings.get("ruby", :sort_by => "hot", :total => "1")
Would return the first listing in the ruby subreddit when sorted by hot.
   @foo[0][:title]
Would then return the title of that listing.

   @bar = RedditListings.get("ruby+rails", :sort_by => "gilded")
Would return the first 5 gilded listings in the ruby and rails subreddits combined
   @bar[4][:author]
Would then return the username of the 5th listing returned.


== Further info
This gem was created (and tested) using rails 4.0.3

Please use in conjunction with reddit's API rules - https://github.com/reddit/reddit/wiki/API

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.


